# iOS
The proposed project is a blown up version of the beer app from this link on our tutorials page http://www.raywenderlich.com/56879/magicalrecord-tutorial-ios . Though to make it more attractive to the general public, instead of using beer we thought of directing the app towards food.  Many people in social networking always use “#foodporn” or they display appetizing pictures of the food they are eating and show it off, and also there are even pages dedicated to just food. So we figured we could use this and make an app dedicated to the whole concept of “#foodporn”.
 This app will allow you to login using verified credentials, or register yourself as a new user, once logged in you will be able to, add records with the image of the food that you want to add. When you try to add the image you want, you will be taken to another screen where you can edit the image (add filters, crop, etc.). After adding your image, or if you chose not to add an image but to just view your records, there will be a list that will display all the records (images) in the order in which you added them (most recently added being displayed on the top). 
On each record under the image will be a section to put you rating (there will be a set of stars that you can press 1 – 5). You will also be able to press an arrow button that will be on the right side of the record and this will take you to a comments section, here you can add any comments you want to add such as the name of the food, place where you got the food, recipes, etc.  The comment can only be a certain amount of characters (length to be decided), there will also be a label on the comments page, which will keep count and display the amount of words that you have already entered. 
Next back to the record, in the same record there will be a “Like” button that will allow other users to like your post. There will also be a share button that when pressed will navigate users to another page from which they can choose which app they want to share their post to (at the moment we will only offer Instagram and Twitter) this page will handle composing the app using our image and comments to create a post to the chosen apps.  
Back to the main age that has the list of all the records, there will be a “World” button on the bottom right corner of the page, that will take you to a new page that has another similar list with “records” but these records will be from other users, the records will be the exact same as the ones from the main page, but on top of each image in the top left corner of the record the users username will be displayed  and in the top right corner of the record a follow button will be present. From this page you can view records from other users, like other users posts, and even follow other users.  
Again back to the main page this time on the bottom left corner of the page there will be a “Following” button, here users can see all the other users they “follow” and they can also click on the users name and they will be directed to a page that looks similar to their own main page but is really the profile of the user they just selected. 

Environment 
We will be using Xcode version: 6.1.1, with OS X Yosemite version: 10.10.1. We will be using a Iphone 4 – inch display as the view controller size. As for the emulator we will be using a Iphone 5s emulator. We will attempt to make the app usable in both portrait and landscape views, using two different storyboards to do so. 

Technologies
	The technologies we will be using in this project the language will be Objective – C. We will be using collections, most likely an ArrayList when working with the records in the list view. We will also make use of connections to the database using SQLite, and we will have 2 tables, 1 will be USERS, and the 2nd will be RECORDS. We will also make use of Twitter API’s(Fabric), and Instagram API’s, for creating posts using the share option from our app. 
